SAAS-888 Document stateless user registration feature (#280)
onewelcome/identity-cloud-documentation: docs/products/access/topics/mobile-apps/implicit-authentication/implicit-authentication.md

# Implicit authentication

Implicit authentication can be used to authenticate users without explicitly interaction with a user. With this feature enabled, users can
be authenticated implicitly at any time if they have previously registered with their device. This feature can be useful for fetching (
personal) data that is not sensitive for users on that device. An example is to fetch the first name to show a greeting when the user opens
their app. When more
sensitive data is needed, the user must use a different authentication method, like the pin or biometric authentication.

A resource gateway can validate an implicit access token using [token introspection](../../../api-reference/token-introspection.md).

## Enable implicit authentication

> To enable implicit authentication for your app, first head over to `Configuration` &rightarrow; `Applications` in your Onegini Access admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable implicit authentication for your app, first head over to `Configuration` &rightarrow; `Applications` in the OneWelcome Access admin.
```
